my name is Alicia I'll also be dancer I
have been in the United States for 20
years I made my career there and had
wonderful friends and I toured with
American Ballet Theater for many years I
was made prima ballerina
and I knew you all people of the United
States I feel that you still remember me
a little bit some of them all the
micellar lives of my friends and these
words are for all of you with my heart
I'm going to talk to you like I usually
do especially to you in our country
there's five people who are in jail for
15 years one of them is already here
but the others are there and they've
been already 50 years for something that
you will understand it because I know
all of you I know the way you think you
like justice you like everything very
clear and this is the people of United
States the ones I know and so I'm
speaking to all of you because I think
you are like judging these people all
they do is save our life because they
were putting bombs and then they were
discovering them or enemy that where
they wanted the books and many of us are
life because they discover that they
save our life that's all they did they
want to harm anyone just remember I
remember when I saw the cute two towers
and those airplane going near me and I
will keep saying what happened what's
gonna happen my goodness gracious and I
still remember seeing through the
television a face in a window with a
white cloud going like this a windows
like say save me I'm here don't forgive
me I'm here my life um see them
I'm still thinking of this woman with a
safer if she said she alive that is a
wonderful feeling to think of someone
which you start to appreciated if she's
still alive I would like it to send me a
message that she's still with us
I want you to know it is a message to
all of you we are life because we've
been saved by these five people this bus
that's why we call them our heroes
because they expose their lives by save
our lives the people of Cuba life please
let them come back to us the server
please I beg you please thank you